Improve documentation (#76)
NIKSS-vSwitch/nikss: docs/C API.md

> To see how to use C API let's look at source code of [CLI implementation](../CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NIKSS provides a C API that can be used by external software (e.g., P4Runtime server implementations) to control P4 programs compiled to eBPF. An example of program that uses the C API is the `nikss-ctl` [CLI](../CLI) tool. This document shows how to use the C API provided by NIKSS. 
```

> **Note:** Library to work correctly needs `root` privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The library needs `root` privileges to work correctly.
```

# Design principles

The public C API exported by this library has the following properties:
- All the names of structures, enums, functions and data types have common prefix `nikss_`.
- All the names of enum values and macros have common prefix `NIKSS_`.
- All the names are grouped by infix, ignoring the letter case. For example objects (structures, functions, etc.) related
  to tables have infix `table_` and names of them will start with `nikss_table_`.
- The last part of the names (postfix) denotes the purpose of the object (structures, functions, etc.), e.g. functions ended
  with `free` will release all resources allocated for instance of the object.

> - All the functions operates on instances of structures or typedefs, called `contex` or `ctx` for short. Each context must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the functions operates on instances of structures or typedefs, called `context` or `ctx` for short. Each context must
```

  be initialized (`init` postfix) before use and freed when no more needed (`free` postfix).
- The content of structures are not considered as a public API, can change at any time. Always use provided functions to
  operate on instances of objects.
- Instances of objects created by the API (returned as a pointer) also must be freed after used.

> - Functions in most cases return `0` (`NO_ERROR` constant) or a valid pointer (not `NULL`) on success. In case of error,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In most cases, functions return `0` (`NO_ERROR` constant) or a valid pointer (not `NULL`) on success. In case of an error,
```

>   error code (values from POSIX standard are used) or `NULL` pointer is returned and some message on `stderr` might be printed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  an error code (a value from the POSIX standard) or `NULL` pointer is returned and a message might be printed on `stderr`
```

  (some functions print to `stdout` but it is considered to change). Functions that return special values, like data length,
  member reference, etc. have own error values.
- Passing `NULL` pointer to any functions is safe (but not useful). Arguments are validated and error is returned if they
  are required.

> - All instances of objects are movable, but not copyable. After move pointers acquired using given instance are invalid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All instances of objects are movable, but not copyable. Pointers acquired using given instance after move are invalid
```

>   (some such functionalities use memory space inside context).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (such functionalities use memory space inside context).
```

> - Data passed to or from functions are considered to be plain binary in the host order byte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data passed to or from functions are considered to be a plain binary in the host byte order.
```

# Basic usage

## Header files

> Table below shows which header have to be included to use API for required functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below shows NIKSS functionalities and a corresponding header that have to be included to use API for a given functionality.
```

| Functionality                                                                                                                        | Header file         |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| `ActionProfile`,<br/>`ActionSelector`,<br/>`Counter`,<br/>`DirectCounter`,<br/>`DirectMeter`,<br/>`Meter`,<br/>`Register`,<br/>Table | `nikss.h`           |
| Clone session,<br/>Multicast group                                                                                                   | `nikss_pre.h`       |
| `Digest`                                                                                                                             | `nikss_digest.h`    |
| Pipeline and port management                                                                                                         | `nikss_pipeline.h`  |
| `value_set`                                                                                                                          | `nikss_value_set.h` |

## Pipeline

> To be able to manage any P4 object, pipeline context `nikss_context_t` is mandatory. Following use is minimal and has no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline context `nikss_context_t` is mandatory to manage any P4 object. The following use is minimal and has no
```

Reviewer: @tatry what does it mean that the use is "minimal"?

Author: I mean that `context` is ready for operation on P4 object but do nothing to it (like get entry or modify it).

effect on operating system:
```c
nikss_context_t nikss_ctx;
nikss_context_init(&nikss_ctx);
nikss_context_set_pipeline(&nikss_ctx, /* ID of the pipeline to be used. */);

/* Other calls to the NIKSS library. */

nikss_context_free(&nikss_ctx);
```

## P4 extern context

> To use any of these P4 externs, must be found appropriate context, initialized and set up (using name) for operation. One

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An appropriate context is also required to use any of P4 externs. The context must be initialized and set up (using name) for an operation. One
```

> context variable can be used for one extern instance during program execution. For example minimum table usage is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
context variable can be used for one extern instance during program execution. The below snippet shows a sample  usage of nikss API for P4 tables:
```

```c
nikss_table_entry_ctx_t table_ctx;
nikss_table_entry_ctx_init(&table_ctx);
nikss_table_entry_ctx_tblname(&nikss_ctx, &table_ctx, /* Table name */);

/* Operate on table using ctx. */

nikss_table_entry_ctx_free(&table_ctx);
```

> Table below summarizes externs and they context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists externs and their context:
```

| `DirectCounter`                       | `nikss_direct_counter_context_t`  | `nikss_direct_counter_ctx_name`  | Usable only within Table.                                                                                                                                                               |
| `DirectMeter`                         | `nikss_direct_meter_context_t`    | `nikss_direct_meter_ctx_name`    | Usable only within Table.                                                                                                                                                               |
| `Meter`                               | `nikss_meter_ctx_t`               | `nikss_meter_ctx_name`           |
| Multicast group                       | `nikss_mcast_grp_ctx_t`           | `nikss_mcast_grp_id`             |
| `Register`                            | `nikss_register_context_t`        | `nikss_register_ctx_name`        |
| Table                                 | `nikss_table_entry_ctx_t`         | `nikss_table_entry_ctx_tblname`  |
| `value_set`                           | `nikss_value_set_context_t`       | `nikss_value_set_context_name`   |

## P4 extern entries

> Context itself is unable to alter entries in extern, with exception for deleting all of them. For this purpose exist `entry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A context itself is unable to alter entries in an extern, except for deleting all of entries. For this purpose, `entry`
```

> objects, which operates on a single entry or all entries. Possible operations (not available for all externs) for such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 objects exist, which operates on a single entry or all entries. Possible operations (not available for all externs) for such
```

entries are:
- **add** or **insert**: add a new entry which did not exist before for given key/index.
- **update**: modify value of an existing entry or of all entries if key/index is not provided within entry.
- **del**: remove an existing entry or all entries if key/index is not provided within entry.
- **get**: get value of a single entry for provided key/index within entry.
- **get_next**: get value and key/index of a next entry.

> Sample usage of a table entry is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample usage of a table entry is as follows:
```

```c
nikss_table_entry_t entry;
nikss_table_entry_init(&entry);

/* Create entry */

nikss_table_entry_add(&table_ctx, &entry);
nikss_table_entry_free(&entry);
```

> Table below summarizes externs and type of entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists externs and type of entries.
```

| `ActionSelector` | `nikss_action_selector_member_context_t`,<br/>`nikss_action_selector_group_context_t` | Groups and members are different things.                                  |
| Clone session    | `nikss_clone_session_entry_t`                                                         |
| `Counter`        | `nikss_counter_entry_t`                                                               |
| `Digest`         | `nikss_digest_t`                                                                      |
| `DirectCounter`  | `nikss_direct_counter_entry_t`                                                        | 
| `DirectMeter`    | `nikss_direct_meter_entry_t`                                                          | 
| `Meter`          | `nikss_meter_entry_t`                                                                 |
| Multicast group  | `nikss_mcast_grp_member_t`                                                            |
| `Register`       | `nikss_register_entry_t`                                                              |
| Table            | `nikss_table_entry_t`                                                                 |

> | `value_set`      | `nikss_table_entry_t`                                                                 | Due to https://github.com/NIKSS-vSwitch/nikss/issues/71 might be changed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value_set`      | `nikss_table_entry_t`                                                                 | It might be changed (see https://github.com/NIKSS-vSwitch/nikss/issues/71). |
```

Author: I will remove this note, because #71 has been merged without significant changes.

> The best way to find out what can be done with entries is to search headers files for functions that takes an argument with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to find out what can be done with entries is to search headers files under `include/` directory for functions that takes an argument with
```
